Pursuing Climate Justice
The Sustainable Solutions Lab (SSL) at UMass Boston transforms the climate research and action space by bridging across sectors, convening collaborators, and facilitating transdisciplinary research that centers and is led by historically and currently excluded communities.

Our Vision
We envision an expansive, inclusive, and collaborative climate action space where communities, practitioners, researchers, and government collectively transform systems to create a just and flourishing future for all. 

What We Do
Advance Transdisciplinary Climate Justice Research  
SSL’s work integrates community knowledge and multiple disciplines, in deeply collaborative ways, to develop creative and sustainable approaches that center community and justice. We expand and rewrite what "counts" as climate research by pulling in experts from outside the natural sciences and fostering an inviting and diverse research community.
Convene for Networking and Field-Building  
Through our convenings, workshops, and events, we create spaces for people to build relationships across boundaries, learn from each other, and work together. 
Drive Equitable Climate Adaptation
We stand with communities historically and currently excluded from political power and economic resources. Our work is not just about documenting damage, but about truly listening and exploring desired futures together. Through our research, events, and initiatives, we collaborate with others to move the region toward equitable adaptation. 
What I value so much about my work with SSL is the opportunity to be both expert and novice. With the Northeast Climate Justice Research Collaborative, my training and research are valued and there is space for my curiosity and further exploration. This has allowed me to pose questions bringing together climate change and racial justice in a way I never would have previously.”
Sarah Mayorga, Associate Professor of Sociology, Brandeis University, Northeast Climate Justice Research Collaborative Member
Contact Us
Sustainable Solutions Lab
Healey Library, 10th Floor Room 13
UMass Boston

ssl@umb.edu