Our Staff
B. R. Balachandran
Executive Director
Phone: N/A
Send Email mailto:BR.Balachandran@umb.edu


Rosalyn Negron
Gabriela Boscio Santos
Associate Director
Phone: N/A
Send Email mailto:Rosalyn.Negron@umb.edu


Gabriela Boscio, SSL Associate Director, Sustainable Solutions Lab
Rajini Srikanth
Dean of Faculty and Inter-Faculty Initiatives
phone: N/A
Send Email mailto:Gabriela.Boscio@umb.edu


Rajini Srikanth
Elisa Guerrero
Community Engagement Manager
Phone: N/A
Send Email mailto:Rajini.Srikanth@umb.edu


Elisa Guerrero, Community Engagement Manager, Sustainable Solutions Lab
Phone: N/A 
Send Email mailto:Elisa.Guerrero@umb.edu

External Affiliates
 
Man with a big smile, short hair, a plaid button shirt, and a brown seater.
Patricio Belloy
Focus: Equitable climate resilience, climate and renewable energy education, human wellbeing, community development.
Bio: My research and practice explore how environmental, energy, and climate policy and action can concurrently promote community development through meaningful engagement and knowledge co-production. Formerly, I assisted SSL’s work on climate resilience, co-authoring reports that intersect issues of housing, state and municipal action, and equity. Currently, I am an Assistant Professor at the Institute of Economics at Universidad Austral de Chile. I hold a PhD and an MSc in Public Policy from UMass Boston, and an MA in Global Studies from Leipzig University in Germany and Wrocław University in Poland.
LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/in/patricio-belloy-19b165223/

 

Photo of woman with long, dark hair. She is wearing a black top and is facing forward with a big smile.
Johnna Flahive
Focus: Coastal vulnerability, adaptation, and resilience, human and natural systems, and Transdisciplinary research.
Bio: My work aims to achieve whole-community resilience by moving past individual, fragmented, and incremental efforts and toward holistic, transdisciplinary, systems approaches to climate resilience. The Sustainable Solutions Lab (SSL), and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s (NOAA) Adaptation Sciences (AdSci) program recently funded my research exploring how coastal inundation impacts people living unhoused and seasonal workers in Massachusetts. Currently, I am leading a working group in collaboration with SSL, the Climate Resilient Initiative for Unhoused People (CRIUP), aimed at developing plans for unhoused people. I have also deepened my dedication to coastal resilience by joining the Climate Resilience Institute (CRI) at the University of Miami, working with people dedicated to leveraging university resources and assets to support community resilience.
LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/in/johnna-flahive/

Visiting Scholars

woman with long brown hair, reddish sweater, standing in front of greeneryCassandre Rey-Thibault (Summer 2024)
Cassandre Rey-Thibault (Summer 2024)
Focus: risk prevention and crisis management, coastal urban territories
Bio: I am a postdoctoral researcher at the Centre for European Studies and Comparative Politics (CEE) at Sciences Po Paris, funded by the Bruno Latour Fund. I hold a PhD in geography, specializing in risk prevention and crisis management policies in French urban areas. My research compares risk governance in coastal urban territories in the context of climate change, examining the evolution and limitations of traditional risk management paradigms. In coastal urban areas such as Boston, knowledge production and risk management practices must evolve to address their interactions and combinations. At SSL, I conducted research interviews and studied the evolution of risk governance in the metropolitan area and assisted the SSL team in fostering collaborative research on climate social resilience in Boston.
LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/in/cassandre-rey-thibault-942a1b112/

Man with short beard and short hair wearing brown jacket, standing in front of waterAnte Ivčević (Fall 2023 - Spring 2024)
Ante Ivčević (Fall 2023 - Spring 2024)
Focus: coastal governance, integrated coastal zone management, science-policy
Bio: My fundamental research interest is coastal governance in light of the accelerated global climate change. After my MSc studies in geophysics and oceanography-marine environment, I continued my research in risk management, and I hold a PhD from Aix-Marseille University (H2020 fellow). I contribute to improving the Mediterranean public policy related to coastal risk management, climate change adaptation, and disaster risk reduction.
LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/in/ante-iv%C4%8Devi%C4%87-4533b485/

Contact Us
Sustainable Solutions Lab
Healey Library, 10th Floor Room 13
UMass Boston

ssl@umb.edu